README.md, before:

# next-firebase-auth-edge

Next.js 13 Firebase Authentication for Edge and server runtimes. Dedicated for Next 13 server components. Compatible with Next.js middleware.

## Why

Official `firebase-admin` library relies heavily on Node.js internal `crypto` library and primitives that are unavailable inside [Next.js Edge Runtime](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/edge-runtime).

This library aims to solve the problem of creating and verifying custom JWT tokens provided by **Firebase Authentication** using Web Crypto API available inside Edge runtimes

## Built on top of Web Crypto API

`next-firebase-auth-edge` is built entirely upon [Web Crypto API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Crypto_API). Although it seems fine at first, please remember that it is still in an experimental stage. Any feedback or contribution is welcome.

Node.js polyfill for Web Crypto is provided by [@peculiar/webcrypto](https://github.com/PeculiarVentures/webcrypto)

## Installation

With **npm**

```shell
npm install next-firebase-auth-edge
```

With **yarn**

```shell
yarn add next-firebase-auth-edge
```

With **pnpm**

```shell
pnpm add next-firebase-auth-edge
```

## Usage

Before using this module make sure you have enabled `appDir` experimental option in `next.config.js`:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  experimental: {
    appDir: true,
  },
};
```

### Authentication endpoints

In order to set encrypted authentication cookies we need server endpoints to handle log in and log out of the users.

This can be achieved pretty easily using `createAuthMiddlewareResponse`:

All examples below are based on working Next.js 13 app example found in [/examples](https://github.com/ensite-in/next-firebase-auth-edge/blob/d9817f62113e0520c0082a28607ec1e0a585af13/examples/next13-typescript-simple) directory

```typescript
// middleware.ts
import type { NextRequest } from "next/server";
import { createAuthMiddlewareResponse } from "next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/middleware";
import { getTokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/tokens";

const commonOptions = {
  apiKey: "firebase-api-key",
  cookieName: "AuthToken",
  cookieSignatureKeys: ["secret1", "secret2"],
  cookieSerializeOptions: {
    path: "/",
    httpOnly: true,
    secure: false, // Set this to true on HTTPS environments
    sameSite: "strict" as const,
    maxAge: 12 * 60 * 60 * 24 * 1000, // twelve days
  },
  serviceAccount: {
    projectId: "firebase-project-id",
    privateKey: "firebase service account private key",
    clientEmail: "firebase service account client email",
  },
};

const LOGIN_PATH = "/api/login";
const LOGOUT_PATH = "/api/logout";

export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  if ([LOGIN_PATH, LOGOUT_PATH].includes(request.nextUrl.pathname)) {
    return createAuthMiddlewareResponse(request, {
      loginPath: LOGIN_PATH,
      logoutPath: LOGOUT_PATH,
      ...commonOptions,
    });
  }

  const tokens = await getTokens(request.cookies, commonOptions);

  console.log(tokens); // { decodedIdToken: DecodedIdToken, token: string } or null if unauthenticated

  // Optionally redirect unauthenticated users to custom /login page
  if (
    !tokens?.decodedToken.email_verified &&
    request.nextUrl.pathname !== "/login"
  ) {
    const url = request.nextUrl.clone();
    url.pathname = "/login";
    return NextResponse.redirect(url);
  }
}
```

In this code example we define Next.js middleware that checks for `/api/login` and `/api/logout` requests and returns `AuthMiddlewareResponse`. The latter is an instance of `NextResponse` object, updated with authentication headers.

### Example AuthProvider

Below is example implementation of custom AuthProvider component that handles the calling of authentication endpoints.

`GET /api/login` endpoint can be called on `onIdTokenChanged` Firebase Authentication browser client event

`GET /api/logout` endpoint can be called any time. Make sure to sign out the user from firebase before clearing the cookies.

```tsx
export const AuthProvider: React.FunctionComponent<AuthProviderProps> = ({
  defaultTenant,
  children,
}) => {
  const { getFirebaseAuth } = useFirebaseAuth(clientConfig);
  const firstLoadRef = React.useRef(true);
  const [tenant, setTenant] = React.useState(defaultTenant);

  // Call logout any time
  const handleLogout = async () => {
    const auth = await getFirebaseAuth();
    const { signOut } = await import("firebase/auth");
    await signOut(auth);
    await fetch("/api/logout", {
      method: "GET",
    });
  };

  const handleIdTokenChanged = async (firebaseUser: FirebaseUser | null) => {
    if (firebaseUser && tenant && firebaseUser.uid === tenant.id) {
      firstLoadRef.current = false;
      return;
    }

    const auth = await getFirebaseAuth();

    if (!firebaseUser && firstLoadRef.current) {
      const { signInAnonymously } = await import("firebase/auth");
      firstLoadRef.current = false;
      await signInAnonymously(auth);
      return;
    }

    if (!firebaseUser) {
      firstLoadRef.current = false;
      startTransition(() => {
        setTenant(null);
      });
      return;
    }

    firstLoadRef.current = false;
    const tokenResult = await firebaseUser.getIdTokenResult();
    await fetch("/api/login", {
      method: "GET",
      headers: {
        Authorization: `Bearer ${tokenResult.token}`,
      },
    });
    startTransition(() => {
      setTenant(mapFirebaseResponseToTenant(tokenResult, firebaseUser));
    });
  };

  const registerChangeListener = async () => {
    const auth = await getFirebaseAuth();
    const { onIdTokenChanged } = await import("firebase/auth");
    return onIdTokenChanged(auth, handleIdTokenChanged);
  };

  React.useEffect(() => {
    const unsubscribePromise = registerChangeListener();

    return () => {
      unsubscribePromise.then((unsubscribe) => unsubscribe());
    };
  }, []);

  return (
    <AuthContext.Provider
      value={{
        tenant,
      }}
    >
      {children}
    </AuthContext.Provider>
  );
};
```

### Server Components

`next-firebase-auth-edge` is designed to work with [React Server Components](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/react-18/server-components) along with Next.js 13.

Below is an example of root `app/layout.tsx` server component using `getTokens` function to fetch user tokens based on request cookies

```tsx
import "./globals.css";
import { getTokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/tokens";
import { cookies } from "next/headers";
import { AuthProvider } from "./auth-provider";
import { serverConfig } from "./server-config";
import { Tokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/auth";
import { Tenant } from "../auth/types";

//...

export default async function RootLayout({
  children,
}: {
  children: React.ReactNode;
}) {
  const tokens = await getTokens(cookies(), {
    apiKey: "firebase-api-key",
    serviceAccount: {
      projectId: "firebase-project-id",
      privateKey: "firebase service account private key",
      clientEmail: "firebase service account client email",
    },
    cookieName: "AuthToken",
    cookieSignatureKeys: ["secret1", "secret2"],
  });

  const tenant = tokens ? mapTokensToTenant(tokens) : null;

  return (
    <html lang="en">
      <head />
      <body>
        <AuthProvider defaultTenant={tenant}>{children}</AuthProvider>
      </body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

### Emulator support

Library provides Firebase Authentication Emulator support. An example can be found in [examples/next13-typescript-firebase-emulator](examples/next13-typescript-firebase-emulator)

Please remember to copy `.env.dist` file into `.env` and fill all needed credentials, especially:

```shell
NEXT_PUBLIC_EMULATOR_HOST=http://localhost:9099
FIREBASE_AUTH_EMULATOR_HOST=localhost:9099
```

`FIREBASE_AUTH_EMULATOR_HOST` is used internally by the library
`NEXT_PUBLIC_EMULATOR_HOST` is used only by provided example

Also, don't forget to put correct Firebase Project ID in `.firebaserc` file.

Commit message:

chore: static page example readme

README.md, after:

# next-firebase-auth-edge

Next.js 13 Firebase Authentication for Edge and server runtimes. Dedicated for Next 13 server components. Compatible with Next.js middleware.

## Why

Official `firebase-admin` library relies heavily on Node.js internal `crypto` library and primitives that are unavailable inside [Next.js Edge Runtime](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/edge-runtime).

This library aims to solve the problem of creating and verifying custom JWT tokens provided by **Firebase Authentication** using Web Crypto API available inside Edge runtimes

## Built on top of Web Crypto API

`next-firebase-auth-edge` is built entirely upon [Web Crypto API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Crypto_API). Although it seems fine at first, please remember that it is still in an experimental stage. Any feedback or contribution is welcome.

Node.js polyfill for Web Crypto is provided by [@peculiar/webcrypto](https://github.com/PeculiarVentures/webcrypto)

## Installation

With **npm**

```shell
npm install next-firebase-auth-edge
```

With **yarn**

```shell
yarn add next-firebase-auth-edge
```

With **pnpm**

```shell
pnpm add next-firebase-auth-edge
```

## Example

The demo is available at [next-firebase-auth-edge-static-demo.vercel.app](https://next-firebase-auth-edge-static-demo.vercel.app/)

The source code for example can be found in [examples/next13-typescript-static-pages](https://github.com/awinogrodzki/next-firebase-auth-edge-static-demo/tree/d56e57613fbe9fef12c2d6e3b2fd7871000d6929)

## Usage

Before using this module make sure you have enabled `appDir` experimental option in `next.config.js`:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  experimental: {
    appDir: true,
  },
};
```

### Authentication endpoints

In order to set encrypted authentication cookies we need server endpoints to handle log in and log out of the users.

This can be achieved pretty easily using `createAuthMiddlewareResponse`:

All examples below are based on working Next.js 13 app example found in [/examples](https://github.com/ensite-in/next-firebase-auth-edge/blob/d9817f62113e0520c0082a28607ec1e0a585af13/examples/next13-typescript-simple) directory

```typescript
// middleware.ts
import type { NextRequest } from "next/server";
import { createAuthMiddlewareResponse } from "next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/middleware";
import { getTokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/tokens";

const commonOptions = {
  apiKey: "firebase-api-key",
  cookieName: "AuthToken",
  cookieSignatureKeys: ["secret1", "secret2"],
  cookieSerializeOptions: {
    path: "/",
    httpOnly: true,
    secure: false, // Set this to true on HTTPS environments
    sameSite: "strict" as const,
    maxAge: 12 * 60 * 60 * 24 * 1000, // twelve days
  },
  serviceAccount: {
    projectId: "firebase-project-id",
    privateKey: "firebase service account private key",
    clientEmail: "firebase service account client email",
  },
};

const LOGIN_PATH = "/api/login";
const LOGOUT_PATH = "/api/logout";

export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  if ([LOGIN_PATH, LOGOUT_PATH].includes(request.nextUrl.pathname)) {
    return createAuthMiddlewareResponse(request, {
      loginPath: LOGIN_PATH,
      logoutPath: LOGOUT_PATH,
      ...commonOptions,
    });
  }

  const tokens = await getTokens(request.cookies, commonOptions);

  console.log(tokens); // { decodedIdToken: DecodedIdToken, token: string } or null if unauthenticated

  // Optionally redirect unauthenticated users to custom /login page
  if (
    !tokens?.decodedToken.email_verified &&
    request.nextUrl.pathname !== "/login"
  ) {
    const url = request.nextUrl.clone();
    url.pathname = "/login";
    return NextResponse.redirect(url);
  }
}
```

In this code example we define Next.js middleware that checks for `/api/login` and `/api/logout` requests and returns `AuthMiddlewareResponse`. The latter is an instance of `NextResponse` object, updated with authentication headers.

### Example AuthProvider

Below is example implementation of custom AuthProvider component that handles the calling of authentication endpoints.

`GET /api/login` endpoint can be called on `onIdTokenChanged` Firebase Authentication browser client event

`GET /api/logout` endpoint can be called any time. Make sure to sign out the user from firebase before clearing the cookies.

```tsx
export const AuthProvider: React.FunctionComponent<AuthProviderProps> = ({
  defaultTenant,
  children,
}) => {
  const { getFirebaseAuth } = useFirebaseAuth(clientConfig);
  const firstLoadRef = React.useRef(true);
  const [tenant, setTenant] = React.useState(defaultTenant);

  // Call logout any time
  const handleLogout = async () => {
    const auth = await getFirebaseAuth();
    const { signOut } = await import("firebase/auth");
    await signOut(auth);
    await fetch("/api/logout", {
      method: "GET",
    });
  };

  const handleIdTokenChanged = async (firebaseUser: FirebaseUser | null) => {
    if (firebaseUser && tenant && firebaseUser.uid === tenant.id) {
      firstLoadRef.current = false;
      return;
    }

    const auth = await getFirebaseAuth();

    if (!firebaseUser && firstLoadRef.current) {
      const { signInAnonymously } = await import("firebase/auth");
      firstLoadRef.current = false;
      await signInAnonymously(auth);
      return;
    }

    if (!firebaseUser) {
      firstLoadRef.current = false;
      startTransition(() => {
        setTenant(null);
      });
      return;
    }

    firstLoadRef.current = false;
    const tokenResult = await firebaseUser.getIdTokenResult();
    await fetch("/api/login", {
      method: "GET",
      headers: {
        Authorization: `Bearer ${tokenResult.token}`,
      },
    });
    startTransition(() => {
      setTenant(mapFirebaseResponseToTenant(tokenResult, firebaseUser));
    });
  };

  const registerChangeListener = async () => {
    const auth = await getFirebaseAuth();
    const { onIdTokenChanged } = await import("firebase/auth");
    return onIdTokenChanged(auth, handleIdTokenChanged);
  };

  React.useEffect(() => {
    const unsubscribePromise = registerChangeListener();

    return () => {
      unsubscribePromise.then((unsubscribe) => unsubscribe());
    };
  }, []);

  return (
    <AuthContext.Provider
      value={{
        tenant,
      }}
    >
      {children}
    </AuthContext.Provider>
  );
};
```

### Server Components

`next-firebase-auth-edge` is designed to work with [React Server Components](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/react-18/server-components) along with Next.js 13.

Below is an example of root `app/layout.tsx` server component using `getTokens` function to fetch user tokens based on request cookies

```tsx
import "./globals.css";
import { getTokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/tokens";
import { cookies } from "next/headers";
import { AuthProvider } from "./auth-provider";
import { serverConfig } from "./server-config";
import { Tokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/auth";
import { Tenant } from "../auth/types";

//...

export default async function RootLayout({
  children,
}: {
  children: React.ReactNode;
}) {
  const tokens = await getTokens(cookies(), {
    apiKey: "firebase-api-key",
    serviceAccount: {
      projectId: "firebase-project-id",
      privateKey: "firebase service account private key",
      clientEmail: "firebase service account client email",
    },
    cookieName: "AuthToken",
    cookieSignatureKeys: ["secret1", "secret2"],
  });

  const tenant = tokens ? mapTokensToTenant(tokens) : null;

  return (
    <html lang="en">
      <head />
      <body>
        <AuthProvider defaultTenant={tenant}>{children}</AuthProvider>
      </body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

### Emulator support

Library provides Firebase Authentication Emulator support. An example can be found in [examples/next13-typescript-firebase-emulator](examples/next13-typescript-firebase-emulator)

Please remember to copy `.env.dist` file into `.env` and fill all needed credentials, especially:

```shell
NEXT_PUBLIC_EMULATOR_HOST=http://localhost:9099
FIREBASE_AUTH_EMULATOR_HOST=localhost:9099
```

`FIREBASE_AUTH_EMULATOR_HOST` is used internally by the library
`NEXT_PUBLIC_EMULATOR_HOST` is used only by provided example

Also, don't forget to put correct Firebase Project ID in `.firebaserc` file.
