docs/pages/docs/getting-started/middleware.mdx, before:

# Authentication Middleware

The library provides `authMiddleware` function that is designed to be used with [Next.js Middleware](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware)

[See Authentication Middleware usage docs](/docs/usage/middleware) for more documentation

Basic usage of `authMiddleware` in `middleware.ts`:

```tsx filename="middleware.ts"
import { NextRequest } from "next/server";
import { authMiddleware } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";

export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  return authMiddleware(request, {
    loginPath: "/api/login",
    logoutPath: "/api/logout",
    apiKey: "XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX",
    cookieName: "AuthToken",
    cookieSignatureKeys: ["secret1", "secret2"],
    cookieSerializeOptions: {
      path: "/",
      httpOnly: true,
      secure: false, // Set this to true on HTTPS environments
      sameSite: "lax" as const,
      maxAge: 12 * 60 * 60 * 24, // twelve days
    },
    serviceAccount: {
      projectId: "your-firebase-project-id",
      clientEmail: "firebase-adminsdk-nnw48@your-firebase-project-id.iam.gserviceaccount.com",
      privateKey: "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n...\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
    },
  });
}

export const config = {
  matcher: ["/api/login", "/api/logout", "/", "/((?!_next|favicon.ico|api|.*\\.).*)"],
};
```

Commit message:

chore(docs): update cookieSignatureKeys examples with recommended key length

docs/pages/docs/getting-started/middleware.mdx, after:

# Authentication Middleware

The library provides `authMiddleware` function that is designed to be used with [Next.js Middleware](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware)

[See Authentication Middleware usage docs](/docs/usage/middleware) for more documentation

Basic usage of `authMiddleware` in `middleware.ts`:

```tsx filename="middleware.ts"
import { NextRequest } from "next/server";
import { authMiddleware } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";

export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  return authMiddleware(request, {
    loginPath: "/api/login",
    logoutPath: "/api/logout",
    apiKey: "XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX",
    cookieName: "AuthToken",
    cookieSignatureKeys: ["Key-Should-Be-at-least-32-bytes-in-length"],
    cookieSerializeOptions: {
      path: "/",
      httpOnly: true,
      secure: false, // Set this to true on HTTPS environments
      sameSite: "lax" as const,
      maxAge: 12 * 60 * 60 * 24, // twelve days
    },
    serviceAccount: {
      projectId: "your-firebase-project-id",
      clientEmail: "firebase-adminsdk-nnw48@your-firebase-project-id.iam.gserviceaccount.com",
      privateKey: "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n...\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
    },
  });
}

export const config = {
  matcher: ["/api/login", "/api/logout", "/", "/((?!_next|favicon.ico|api|.*\\.).*)"],
};
```
