docs/pages/docs/usage/client-side-apis.mdx, before:

# Using Client-Side APIs

The starter example uses the [inMemoryPersistence](https://github.com/awinogrodzki/next-firebase-auth-edge/blob/main/examples/next-typescript-starter/app/auth/firebase.ts#L28-L30) strategy, relying entirely on server-side tokens. This avoids consistency issues on the client side.

While this approach is recommended, it can lead to a few challenges:

1. **Stale tokens:** In long-running client sessions, server-side tokens may expire, requiring the user to refresh the page to get a valid token. This typically happens if the user reopens a tab after about an hour.
2. **Unauthenticated Firebase Client SDK environment:** With `inMemoryPersistence`, `currentUser` will often be `null` when using [client-side APIs](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/manage-users), preventing the use of Firebase’s client-side SDKs.

However, `next-firebase-auth-edge` includes several features that address these issues:

### Enable Refresh Token API Endpoint in Auth Middleware

In long-running client sessions (e.g., when a user reopens a tab after an hour), the server-side token may expire. This can cause problems when validating external API calls or when using the `customToken` with Firebase's `signInWithCustomToken`.

To resolve this, you can expose an endpoint via `authMiddleware` to refresh client-side tokens when the server-side token has expired.

To enable this endpoint, define the `refreshTokenPath` option in the middleware.

```tsx
export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  return authMiddleware(request, {
    loginPath: '/api/login',
    logoutPath: '/api/logout',
    refreshTokenPath: '/api/refresh-token'
    // other options...
  });
}

export const config = {
  // Make sure to include the path in `matcher`
  matcher: [
    '/api/login',
    '/api/logout',
    '/api/refresh-token',
    '/',
    '/((?!_next|favicon.ico|api|.*\\.).*)'
  ]
};
```

Calling `/api/refresh-token` will:

1. Check if the current token has expired. If it has, it regenerates the token and updates the cookies with a `Set-Cookie` header containing the fresh token.
2. Return JSON with a valid `idToken`. It can also return `customToken`, if `enableCustomToken` is set to `true` in `authMiddleware`.

### getValidIdToken

The `getValidIdToken` function works in conjunction with the [refresh token endpoint](/docs/usage/client-side-apis#enable-refresh-token-api-endpoint-in-auth-middleware) to ensure you have the latest valid ID token. This is helpful if you use tokens to authorize external API calls.

It requires `serverIdToken`, which is the `token` returned by the [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components#gettokens) function in server components.

The function is optimized to be fast and safe for repeated calls. The `/api/refresh-token` endpoint will only be called if the token has expired.

Example usage:

```ts
import {getValidIdToken} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/client';

export async function fetchSomethingFromExternalApi(serverIdToken: string) {
  const idToken = await getValidIdToken({
    serverIdToken,
    refreshTokenUrl: '/api/refresh-token'
  });

  return fetch('https://some-external-api.com/api/example', {
    method: 'GET',
    headers: {
      Authorization: `Bearer ${idToken}`
    }
  });
}
```

### getValidCustomToken

Please note that since v1.8 custom token is disabled by default. In order to enable custom cookies, pass `enableCustomToken: true` option to `authMiddleware`.

Custom token introduces significant footprint on authentication cookie and is not required for most use-cases.

If you want to avoid cookie size issues, learn how to [split session into multiple cookies](/docs/usage/middleware#multiple-cookies)

Similar to `getValidIdToken`, the `getValidCustomToken` function works with the [refresh token endpoint](/docs/usage/client-side-apis#enable-refresh-token-api-endpoint-in-auth-middleware) to provide a valid custom token. This is useful when using the custom token with Firebase’s [signInWithCustomToken](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/custom-auth#authenticate-with-firebase) method.

It requires `serverCustomToken`, which is the `customToken` returned by the [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components#gettokens) function in server components.

Like `getValidIdToken`, this function is designed to be efficient and only calls the `/api/refresh-token` endpoint if necessary.

Example usage:

```ts
export async function signInWithServerCustomToken(serverCustomToken: string) {
  const auth = getAuth(getFirebaseApp());

  const customToken = await getValidCustomToken({
    serverCustomToken,
    refreshTokenUrl: '/api/refresh-token'
  });

  if (!customToken) {
    throw new Error('Invalid custom token');
  }

  return signInWithCustomToken(auth, customToken);
}
```

## Using Firebase Client SDKs

The Firebase Client SDK exposes the [signInWithCustomToken](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/custom-auth#authenticate-with-firebase) method, which allows you to access the current user using a custom token.

You can obtain a custom token by calling the [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components#gettokens) function in server components.

```tsx
import {signInWithCustomToken} from 'firebase/auth';
import {getValidCustomToken} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/client';

import {doc, getDoc, getFirestore, updateDoc, setDoc} from 'firebase/firestore';

export async function doSomethingWithFirestoreClient(
  serverCustomToken: string
) {
  const auth = getAuth(getFirebaseApp());

  // See https://next-firebase-auth-edge-docs.vercel.app/docs/usage/client-side-apis#getvalidcustomtoken
  const customToken = await getValidCustomToken({
    serverCustomToken,
    refreshTokenUrl: '/api/refresh-token'
  });

  if (!customToken) {
    throw new Error('Invalid custom token');
  }

  const {user: firebaseUser} = await signInWithCustomToken(auth, customToken);

  // Use client-side firestore instance
  const db = getFirestore(getApp());
}
```

Commit message:

chore(docs): describe error handling in getValidIdToken and getValidCustomToken

docs/pages/docs/usage/client-side-apis.mdx, after:

# Using Client-Side APIs

The starter example uses the [inMemoryPersistence](https://github.com/awinogrodzki/next-firebase-auth-edge/blob/main/examples/next-typescript-starter/app/auth/firebase.ts#L28-L30) strategy, relying entirely on server-side tokens. This avoids consistency issues on the client side.

While this approach is recommended, it can lead to a few challenges:

1. **Stale tokens:** In long-running client sessions, server-side tokens may expire, requiring the user to refresh the page to get a valid token. This typically happens if the user reopens a tab after about an hour.
2. **Unauthenticated Firebase Client SDK environment:** With `inMemoryPersistence`, `currentUser` will often be `null` when using [client-side APIs](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/manage-users), preventing the use of Firebase’s client-side SDKs.

However, `next-firebase-auth-edge` includes several features that address these issues:

### Enable Refresh Token API Endpoint in Auth Middleware

In long-running client sessions (e.g., when a user reopens a tab after an hour), the server-side token may expire. This can cause problems when validating external API calls or when using the `customToken` with Firebase's `signInWithCustomToken`.

To resolve this, you can expose an endpoint via `authMiddleware` to refresh client-side tokens when the server-side token has expired.

To enable this endpoint, define the `refreshTokenPath` option in the middleware.

```tsx
export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  return authMiddleware(request, {
    loginPath: '/api/login',
    logoutPath: '/api/logout',
    refreshTokenPath: '/api/refresh-token'
    // other options...
  });
}

export const config = {
  // Make sure to include the path in `matcher`
  matcher: [
    '/api/login',
    '/api/logout',
    '/api/refresh-token',
    '/',
    '/((?!_next|favicon.ico|api|.*\\.).*)'
  ]
};
```

Calling `/api/refresh-token` will:

1. Check if the current token has expired. If it has, it regenerates the token and updates the cookies with a `Set-Cookie` header containing the fresh token.
2. Return JSON with a valid `idToken`. It can also return `customToken`, if `enableCustomToken` is set to `true` in `authMiddleware`.

### getValidIdToken

The `getValidIdToken` function works in conjunction with the [refresh token endpoint](/docs/usage/client-side-apis#enable-refresh-token-api-endpoint-in-auth-middleware) to ensure you have the latest valid ID token. This is helpful if you use tokens to authorize external API calls.

It requires `serverIdToken`, which is the `token` returned by the [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components#gettokens) function in server components.

The function is optimized to be fast and safe for repeated calls. The `/api/refresh-token` endpoint will only be called if the token has expired.

Example usage:

```ts
import {getValidIdToken} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/client';

export async function fetchSomethingFromExternalApi(serverIdToken: string) {
  const idToken = await getValidIdToken({
    serverIdToken,
    refreshTokenUrl: '/api/refresh-token'
  });

  return fetch('https://some-external-api.com/api/example', {
    method: 'GET',
    headers: {
      Authorization: `Bearer ${idToken}`
    }
  });
}
```

### getValidCustomToken

Please note that since v1.8 custom token is disabled by default. In order to enable custom cookies, pass `enableCustomToken: true` option to `authMiddleware`.

Custom token introduces significant footprint on authentication cookie and is not required for most use-cases.

If you want to avoid cookie size issues, learn how to [split session into multiple cookies](/docs/usage/middleware#multiple-cookies)

Similar to `getValidIdToken`, the `getValidCustomToken` function works with the [refresh token endpoint](/docs/usage/client-side-apis#enable-refresh-token-api-endpoint-in-auth-middleware) to provide a valid custom token. This is useful when using the custom token with Firebase’s [signInWithCustomToken](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/custom-auth#authenticate-with-firebase) method.

It requires `serverCustomToken`, which is the `customToken` returned by the [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components#gettokens) function in server components.

Like `getValidIdToken`, this function is designed to be efficient and only calls the `/api/refresh-token` endpoint if necessary.

Example usage:

```ts
export async function signInWithServerCustomToken(serverCustomToken: string) {
  const auth = getAuth(getFirebaseApp());

  const customToken = await getValidCustomToken({
    serverCustomToken,
    refreshTokenUrl: '/api/refresh-token'
  });

  if (!customToken) {
    throw new Error('Invalid custom token');
  }

  return signInWithCustomToken(auth, customToken);
}
```

## Handling errors

`getValidIdToken` and `getValidCustomToken` can fail with [AuthError](/docs/errors#autherror).

Whenever the error happens, it usually means that the credentials have expired due to various reasons, and **user should be redirected to the sign in page**.

## Using Firebase Client SDKs

The Firebase Client SDK exposes the [signInWithCustomToken](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/custom-auth#authenticate-with-firebase) method, which allows you to access the current user using a custom token.

You can obtain a custom token by calling the [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components#gettokens) function in server components.

```tsx
import {signInWithCustomToken} from 'firebase/auth';
import {getValidCustomToken} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/client';

import {doc, getDoc, getFirestore, updateDoc, setDoc} from 'firebase/firestore';

export async function doSomethingWithFirestoreClient(
  serverCustomToken: string
) {
  const auth = getAuth(getFirebaseApp());

  // See https://next-firebase-auth-edge-docs.vercel.app/docs/usage/client-side-apis#getvalidcustomtoken
  const customToken = await getValidCustomToken({
    serverCustomToken,
    refreshTokenUrl: '/api/refresh-token'
  });

  if (!customToken) {
    throw new Error('Invalid custom token');
  }

  const {user: firebaseUser} = await signInWithCustomToken(auth, customToken);

  // Use client-side firestore instance
  const db = getFirestore(getApp());
}
```
