docs/pages/docs/usage/cloud-run.mdx, before:

# Usage in Google Cloud Run environment

Before running `next-firebase-auth-edge` in Google Cloud Environment, make sure to:

1. [Enable IAM Service Account Credentials API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/iamcredentials.googleapis.com)
2. Assign `iam.serviceAccounts.signBlob` permission to IAM role attached to [default compute service account](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/iam)

You can now omit `serviceAccount` option in `authMiddleware`, `getTokens` and other functions. When `serviceAccount` is `undefined`, `next-firebase-auth-edge` will extract credentials from authenticated [Google Cloud Run](https://cloud.google.com/run) environment.

Please note that you still have to supply firebase `apiKey`.

Example [authMiddleware](/docs/usage/middleware) usage:

```tsx filename="middleware.ts"
import { NextRequest, NextResponse } from "next/server";
import { authMiddleware } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";

export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  return authMiddleware(request, {
    loginPath: "/api/login",
    logoutPath: "/api/logout",
    apiKey: "XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX",
    cookieName: "AuthToken",
    cookieSignatureKeys: ["secret1", "secret2"],
    cookieSerializeOptions: {
      path: "/",
      httpOnly: true,
      secure: false,
      sameSite: "lax" as const,
      maxAge: 12 * 60 * 60 * 24,
    },
  });
}
```

Example [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components) usage:

```tsx
import { getTokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";

const tokens = await getTokens(context.req.cookies, {
    apiKey: 'XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX',
    cookieName: 'AuthToken',
    cookieSignatureKeys: ['secret1', 'secret2'],
});
```

Commit message:

chore(docs): update cookieSignatureKeys examples with recommended key length

docs/pages/docs/usage/cloud-run.mdx, after:

# Usage in Google Cloud Run environment

Before running `next-firebase-auth-edge` in Google Cloud Environment, make sure to:

1. [Enable IAM Service Account Credentials API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/iamcredentials.googleapis.com)
2. Assign `iam.serviceAccounts.signBlob` permission to IAM role attached to [default compute service account](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/iam)

You can now omit `serviceAccount` option in `authMiddleware`, `getTokens` and other functions. When `serviceAccount` is `undefined`, `next-firebase-auth-edge` will extract credentials from authenticated [Google Cloud Run](https://cloud.google.com/run) environment.

Please note that you still have to supply firebase `apiKey`.

Example [authMiddleware](/docs/usage/middleware) usage:

```tsx filename="middleware.ts"
import { NextRequest, NextResponse } from "next/server";
import { authMiddleware } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";

export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  return authMiddleware(request, {
    loginPath: "/api/login",
    logoutPath: "/api/logout",
    apiKey: "XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX",
    cookieName: "AuthToken",
    cookieSignatureKeys: ["Key-Should-Be-at-least-32-bytes-in-length"],
    cookieSerializeOptions: {
      path: "/",
      httpOnly: true,
      secure: false,
      sameSite: "lax" as const,
      maxAge: 12 * 60 * 60 * 24,
    },
  });
}
```

Example [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components) usage:

```tsx
import { getTokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";

const tokens = await getTokens(context.req.cookies, {
    apiKey: 'XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX',
    cookieName: 'AuthToken',
    cookieSignatureKeys: ['Key-Should-Be-at-least-32-bytes-in-length'],
});
```
