docs/pages/docs/usage/debug-mode.mdx, before:

# Debug mode

You can enable `debug mode` by providing `debug: true` option to `authMiddleware` and `getTokens`.

When in debug mode, middleware logs additional information about authentication process to the console.

```tsx filename="middleware.ts"
import { NextRequest, NextResponse } from "next/server";
import { authMiddleware } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";

export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  return authMiddleware(request, {
    debug: true, // Enable debug mode

    loginPath: "/api/login",
    logoutPath: "/api/logout",
    apiKey: "XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX",
    cookieName: "AuthToken",
    cookieSignatureKeys: ["secret1", "secret2"],
    cookieSerializeOptions: {
      path: "/",
      httpOnly: true,
      secure: false, 
      sameSite: "lax" as const,
      maxAge: 12 * 60 * 60 * 24,
    },
    serviceAccount: {
      projectId: "your-firebase-project-id",
      clientEmail: "firebase-adminsdk-nnw48@your-firebase-project-id.iam.gserviceaccount.com",
      privateKey: "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n...\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
    },
  });
}

export const config = {
  matcher: ["/api/login", "/api/logout", "/", "/((?!_next|favicon.ico|api|.*\\.).*)"],
};
```



```tsx
import { getTokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";
import { cookies } from "next/headers";
```

```tsx
const tokens = await getTokens(cookies(), {
  debug: true,
  apiKey: 'XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX',
  cookieName: 'AuthToken',
  cookieSignatureKeys: ['secret1', 'secret2'],
  serviceAccount: {
    projectId: 'your-firebase-project-id',
    clientEmail:
      'firebase-adminsdk-nnw48@your-firebase-project-id.iam.gserviceaccount.com',
    privateKey:
      '-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n...\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n'
  }
});
```

Commit message:

chore(docs): update cookieSignatureKeys examples with recommended key length

docs/pages/docs/usage/debug-mode.mdx, after:

# Debug mode

You can enable `debug mode` by providing `debug: true` option to `authMiddleware` and `getTokens`.

When in debug mode, middleware logs additional information about authentication process to the console.

```tsx filename="middleware.ts"
import { NextRequest, NextResponse } from "next/server";
import { authMiddleware } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";

export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) {
  return authMiddleware(request, {
    debug: true, // Enable debug mode

    loginPath: "/api/login",
    logoutPath: "/api/logout",
    apiKey: "XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX",
    cookieName: "AuthToken",
    cookieSignatureKeys: ["Key-Should-Be-at-least-32-bytes-in-length"],
    cookieSerializeOptions: {
      path: "/",
      httpOnly: true,
      secure: false, 
      sameSite: "lax" as const,
      maxAge: 12 * 60 * 60 * 24,
    },
    serviceAccount: {
      projectId: "your-firebase-project-id",
      clientEmail: "firebase-adminsdk-nnw48@your-firebase-project-id.iam.gserviceaccount.com",
      privateKey: "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n...\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
    },
  });
}

export const config = {
  matcher: ["/api/login", "/api/logout", "/", "/((?!_next|favicon.ico|api|.*\\.).*)"],
};
```



```tsx
import { getTokens } from "next-firebase-auth-edge";
import { cookies } from "next/headers";
```

```tsx
const tokens = await getTokens(cookies(), {
  debug: true,
  apiKey: 'XXxxXxXXXxXxxxxx_XxxxXxxxxxXxxxXXXxxXxX',
  cookieName: 'AuthToken',
  cookieSignatureKeys: ['Key-Should-Be-at-least-32-bytes-in-length'],
  serviceAccount: {
    projectId: 'your-firebase-project-id',
    clientEmail:
      'firebase-adminsdk-nnw48@your-firebase-project-id.iam.gserviceaccount.com',
    privateKey:
      '-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n...\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n'
  }
});
```
