docs/pages/docs/usage/domain-restriction.mdx, before:

# Firebase API Key domain restriction

In production-ready application, you would want to restrict your Firebase API Key by domain.

You can edit your API key restriction in [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials)

## Enable referer validation

To support API Key domain restriction, we need to let Google APIs know the referer of requests. To achieve this, we need to make sure to pass relevant information on each of the following operations:

1. Make sure to pass `headers` option on each `getTokens` invocation. The library will use headers to extract referer and use it when veryfing token against Google APIs.

```tsx
import {getTokens} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge';
import {cookies, headers} from 'next/headers';

export default async function ServerComponentExample() {
  const tokens = await getTokens(cookies(), {
    // ...other options
    headers: headers()
  });

  return <div>{/* ... */}</div>;
}
```

See [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components) options section for more details

2. If you're using deprecated `getTokensFromObject` method, change it to `getApiRequestTokens` instead. See [getApiRequestTokens](/docs/usage/pages-router-api-routes) docs

3. If you are using either of `getCustomIdAndRefreshTokens`, `verifyIdToken`, `handleTokenRefresh`, `verifyAndRefreshExpiredIdToken` [advanced methods](/docs/usage/advanced-usage), make sure to pass `referer` option. `referer` should be your authorized domain derived from request headers. You can use `getReferer` function imported from `next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/utils` to extract referer from `NextResponse`'s headers.

```ts
import {getFirebaseAuth} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/auth';
import {getReferer} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/utils';
import {getTokens} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/tokens';
import type {NextRequest} from 'next/server';

const {verifyIdToken} = getFirebaseAuth(/*{...}*/);

export async function POST(request: NextRequest) {
  const token = request.headers.get('Authorization')?.split(' ')[1] ?? '';

  if (!token) {
    throw new Error('Unauthenticated');
  }

  await verifyIdToken(token, {
    referer: getReferer(request.headers)
  });

  //...
}
```

Commit message:

chore(docs): improve docs readability

docs/pages/docs/usage/domain-restriction.mdx, after:

# Firebase API Key Domain Restriction

In a production-ready application, it's important to restrict your Firebase API key by domain for security purposes.

You can update your API key restrictions in the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials).

## Enable Referer Validation

To support API key domain restrictions, you need to inform Google APIs about the referer of your requests. To do this, follow these steps for each operation:

1. Ensure you pass the `headers` option with each `getTokens` call. The library will extract the referer from the headers and use it when verifying tokens with Google APIs.

```tsx
import {getTokens} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge';
import {cookies, headers} from 'next/headers';

export default async function ServerComponentExample() {
  const tokens = await getTokens(cookies(), {
    // ...other options
    headers: headers()
  });

  return <div>{/* ... */}</div>;
}
```

See the [getTokens](/docs/usage/server-components) options section for more details.

2. If you're using the deprecated `getTokensFromObject` method, switch to `getApiRequestTokens` instead. Refer to the [getApiRequestTokens](/docs/usage/pages-router-api-routes) documentation for more information.

3. If you are using any of the advanced methods like `getCustomIdAndRefreshTokens`, `verifyIdToken`, `handleTokenRefresh`, or `verifyAndRefreshExpiredIdToken` from the [advanced usage](/docs/usage/advanced-usage) section, make sure to pass the `referer` option. The `referer` should be the authorized domain, derived from the request headers. You can use the `getReferer` function (imported from `next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/utils`) to extract the referer from the headers of `NextResponse`.

```ts
import {getFirebaseAuth} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/auth';
import {getReferer} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/utils';
import {getTokens} from 'next-firebase-auth-edge/lib/next/tokens';
import type {NextRequest} from 'next/server';

const {verifyIdToken} = getFirebaseAuth(/*{...}*/);

export async function POST(request: NextRequest) {
  const token = request.headers.get('Authorization')?.split(' ')[1] ?? '';

  if (!token) {
    throw new Error('Unauthenticated');
  }

  await verifyIdToken(token, {
    referer: getReferer(request.headers)
  });

  //...
}
```
